# CS-305-3-1-Project-1
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
  My client Artemis Financial is goal oriented and desires to modernize their business plan. They must implement and apply the most up-to-date software security in order to do so. Artemis Financial wants our help to secure their operation from all external threats. They value secure communications as a part of their company, and it is our mission to execute all requirements, so they feel their software is secure for all current and prospective clients. Secure communication ensures that no confidential/private data is tampered or encrypted while being sent and received. Potential external threats, specifically for Artemis, are other software security companies, wanting to know their system and how they operate, or hackers who want to extort the company, whether for money or information
What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
  To identicy their software security vulnaribilities, I ran a vulnarability test on Artemis Financial's system to identify those weak areas. This allowed me to visually identify those weak areas. Softawre security holds high value for Artemis Financial as they want to be respected and dependable. 
What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?
  The vulnerability assessment was a useful tool to use for this project. It was challenging trying to decifer which vulnerabilities were present and most important.
How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?
  I approached the need to increase layers of security by first reviewing the code and visually seeing where improvements could be made. The need to increase layers of security will constantly evolve and never stop. For future vulnerability assessments I will use the same mitigation techniques as the outcome was successful and yeilding positive results.
How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
  To ensure the code and software application were functional and secure I inspected the code several times to see exactly what the code was supposed to execute, I then ran the code to view the outcomes. Once the new vulnerabilites were introduced, I added to the code and ran it again.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?
  The resources that I employed were from the module resources, they are the most useful during my assignments and are even more useful during large projects and I have to go back to previous modules to review the resources.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?
   From this particular assignment I might showcase my ability, from start to finish, complete a dependency check and then revamp my code to ensure security.
